{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green77\blue187;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\ul\b\f0\fs48\lang9 CAB SERVICE MANAGEMENT\par
\cf0\b0\fs40 INTRODUCTION\ulnone\fs36\par
Transport is an integral part of our social living.  The modern society cannot run withouttransport   facilities.   There   are   many   companies   who   give   transport   services   to   the individual and corporate clients. In the current system, the client first contacts with the transport company for getting transport service. The company then books the vehicle for him on the requested date and time and then sends the vehicle to his place at the time.The Online cab booking system is the online service which will automate the process of booking a cab and will facilitate both the client and the company with reduced time and efforts. First the company will register his vehicles and the vehicles to the system. Then the client will request for booking a vehicle on his required date and time, providing all necessary information. The fare will be calculated and client should confirm it. Then the employee will serve the client on the specific date and time. Finally the client will have an opportunity to give a feedback for the service he got. The company can check it and take appropriate action for the future improvements.\par
\par
\ul\fs44 Scope\par
\ulnone\fs36 There is no need to drive around and waste petrol, they can find a spot convenient for them and wait for a booking to be made.The need of carrying change or cash becomes unnecessary since there are multiple online payments available.The drivers have the authority to provide each passenger ratings and feedback. Because these apps are GPS equipped, it is simple for drivers to locate their passengers rather than roaming around asking for help.\cf1\par
\ul\b\fs48\par
\par
\cf2\b0\fs44 ACTOR\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs36 User\cf1\ul\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\cf2\ulnone\fs36 Admin\cf1\ul\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\cf2\ulnone\fs36 driver\cf1\ul\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf0\fs44 FUNCTIONS\par
User system\par
\ulnone\fs40 -User Login \par
-User registration\par
-Home page\par
-Search for cab\par
-Book for cab\par
-Payment\par
-Invoice\par
-Feedback\par
-Logout\par
\ul Admin system\par
\ulnone -Admin login\par
-Admin homepage\par
\ul Driver system\par
\ulnone -Driver login\par
-Driver register\ul\par
\ulnone -Add cab details\par
-Update cab details\ul\par
\fs44 REQURMENTS\par
\fs40 User system\fs44\par
\fs36 User Login page\par
\ulnone The login page allows a user to gain access to an application by entering their username and password or by authonticating an application.In this page contain the following fields.\ul\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs32 A text field should be there for collecting user email as input,if the entered email is not valid show a alert for user to enter the currect email.If the user should not enter the email ,an alert will be show.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The first name can enter the text field.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Also entering second name in text field.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Collecting user password which has an  intput type alphanumeric,with a min 8 character.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Button for navigating to SignUp page.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Button for navigation to forgot password page.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul User Registration page\par
\ulnone User registration is a page where user can create an account to the software for using the application.For registration the user need to fill some basic.\ul\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone A text field for entering user email. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} User first name can enter in text field.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Another text field is used for entering second name.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The radio button is used for selecting gender.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Password entering for using password field .It check the password contain atleast 8 character it include capital letter ,small letter,numbers and simbels.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} For confirm password a text field is using.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Submit button for validating email and password ,if the email already exits alert user to change email ,if the password already exit alert user to enter another password, if the password  simple alert user to enter strong passsword ,else create new user.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\ul Home page\par
\ulnone After the login we reach the home page.Here present a search bar , cab booking button and cancelation button.\par
\ul\par
\fs36 Search for cab\par
\ulnone\fs32 It contain search bar there we can search where we want to go. And available another option for entering to reach.That means our present location application will identy autometicaly and the distination we can choose.\ul\fs36\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\fs32 The search bar help to find details of where we want to go.And we can enter the pickup location.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The another option is the application autometicaliy identify customer location .\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The next text field to enter where we want to go.\ul\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 Booking for cab\par
\ulnone In cab booking page we can find the the seat availability and the basic details of cab.Here the user fill some details about user .The following details of user must to enter.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The first text field for entering user name.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Age should be enter in the second text field.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The next text field for filling any Government id.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Submit button check all fields are filled or not . If any field is not filled alert user to fill that field.And check the Government id is valid or not.\ul\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Cancelation\par
\ulnone The cancelation button control the booking cancelation.\ul\par
Payment\par
\ulnone\fs32 The user can make his payment here. The user need to select from drop down list what type of payment have to done( UPI, net banking, credit /debit card)\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1   UPI method:-The user need to select which UPI method they want to use. It will redirect to that UPI payment page or app.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}  Net Banking:- By selecting it, it will redirect to the net banking page of the user's bank.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab} Credit / Debit card:- By selecting this, it will take to the next page for filling about the details of the card. All fields are mandatory.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1            (i)Account Holder's name:-The user need to enter the  account holder's name correctly.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1            (ii)Card number:-The user need to enter the card's number.      \par
           (iii)  Year of expiry    :- Enter the expiry year of the card.\par
           (iv)CVV:-Enter the 3 digit CVV number of the card .\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Click the submit button. An invoice will be generated.\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\fs36 Invoice\par
\ulnone Invoice is the confirmation for booking complited\fs32 . It include the name of user ,age, gender payment details.\ul\par
Logout\par
\ulnone In home page we can find the logout button .If we click logout button then move the user login page .\ul\par
\par
\fs40 Admin system\par
\fs36 Admin login\fs32\par
\ulnone\fs36 The  admin login page mainly for admin login. Admin can only access that page.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 A text field is used for entering  admin firstname.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The second name is filling by using the text field .\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The phone number filling in another text field.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Must want the email id . It can be enter in the email field.And checking the entered email is currect format or not.if the entered email is not currect alert the user to enter the currect email.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone The password is enter in the password field.The password must want 8 character ,it include the captal letter,digit and symbol.If the user enter very simple password alert enter a strong password.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Submit button is used for checking the above entered details are currect or not.If any entered data is wrong alert the user to enter currect details.\ul\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Admin Registration\par
\ulnone\fs36 The admin registrion control the registration of admin.it contain the details of admin.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The first text field for entering admin first name.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Second name filling in the second text field.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone For filling the admin phone number using in the text field.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Must want the email id . It can be enter in the email field.And checking the entered email is currect format or not.if the entered email is not currect alert the user to enter the currect email.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone A password field is used to enter the password.The password must want 8 character ,it include the captal letter,digit and symbol.If the user enter very simple password alert enter a strong password.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Another password field is used confirm password.\ul\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone Submit button is used for checking the above entered details are currect or not.If any entered data is wrong alert the user to enter currect details.\ul\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Driver system\par
\ulnone\fs36 Driver system contain driver login page ,driver register ,add cab details and update cab detais.\par
\ul Driver login page\par
\ulnone In driver login page is used to login in the driver.For login the driver should be enter the bacic details.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 A text field is used to enter the driver name.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 For entering the password the password field is using.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 Submit button check the enterd name is matche to the driver priviously enterd and  the password is mached to the driver register time enterd.If the password is not matched with enterd password alert to enter the currect password\ul\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 Driver registration\par
\ulnone The driver registration page is help the driver to regiter.For regitration the driver should enter some basic details .\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 The first text is help to fill the first name of driver .\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 Another text field is using to fill the the second name of driver.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 Password field is used to fill the password .The password must have 8 character include capital letter,symbol and digit.If the driver enter very easy password alert to enter strong password.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 For filling the age a text field is using.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 For confirm the password a password field is using.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 For entering the email .The email field is using.And check the email is currect format or not.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 Submit button check the above enterd details are in currect or not .If the driver enter wrong  alert to enter currect details in currect formate.\ul\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs36 Add cab details\par
\ulnone In this page include the details about the cabe.That means the cab details can enter the driver .That details can see the user and admin. This details helps the user to find the cabe.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 For entering the cab number the text field using.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 A text field is used to enter the driver name.\ul\fs40\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\ulnone\fs36 Submit button to help the details to see the admin and user...\ul\fs40\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\ulnone\fs36\par
}
 